# Ecosia scripts

This folder is a collection of scripts and resources to help manage this project.

You may need to grant execturion rights to some of the scripts e.g:

```
chmod u+x scripts/prepare_build_folders.sh && chmod u+x scripts/build.sh
```

## Build helpers

### prepare_build_folders.sh

To generate all the build folders that you might need, from the `src` directory (parent) run:

```
./scripts/prepare_build_folders.sh
```

You may need to grant execturion rights

```
chmod u+x scripts/prepare_build_folders.sh
```

You can also pass version name and version code values into this script and it will regenerate the build folders accordingly. This is particularly useful when preparing a release. e.g:

```
./scripts/prepare_build_folders.sh 133 100
```

### build.sh

Now to build any of those folders you can use the build helper:

```
./scripts/build.sh [build-type] [cpu-type]
```

Where build-type can be either debug or release, and cpu-type can be either arm, x86, x64. If you exclude those paramters it will build debug arm by default.

To build all release versions, run:

```
./scripts/build.sh all
```

For more info run:

```
./scripts/build.sh help
```

## getThirdParties

This script will do a series of steps to get a freshly cloned repo ready to build. It includes some setup specific for Ecosia setup and some other chromium commands.

The chromium related commands follow (more or less) the [building Chromium for Android](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/master/docs/android_build_instructions.md) documentation.

One Ecsoia specific step is that it will copy two files (.gclient and .gclient_entries) to the parent folder of src.

These files are required by gclient tooling (particularly gclient sync command) and are usually they are generated by the gclient sync, but as we are committing the third parties, this file is also included because the file acts as a dependency lock file.

